Clarify usage of secrets in docs (#4099)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/20-usage/40-secrets.md

```diff
 steps:

>    - name: 'plugin do stuff'
>      image: publish-plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - name: 'plugin step'
     image: registry/repo/image:tag
```

+    settings:
+      token:
+        from_secret: secret_token

>    - name: 'some commands using secrets'
>      image: bash
>      commands:
>        - env | grep TOKEN
> +    environment:
> +      TOKEN_ENV:
> +        from_secret: secret_token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - name: 'step name'
     image: registry/repo/image:tag
     commands:
       - env | grep TOKEN
+    environment:
+      TOKEN:
+        from_secret: secret_token
```

Author: can not apply :/

```

:::info Important

> You cannot use the deprecated `secrets` or `environment` directly in plugin steps, as this could alter plugin execution.
> Instead, use the `settings` field for secrets in plugins:
> 
> - It's safer: Plugin settings are a controlled interface for customization.
> - It's consistent: Plugins define which settings they accept and how to handle them.
> - It maintains security: This approach doesn't compromise the plugin's integrity or security model.
> 
> This restriction is enforced by the linter to ensure plugin safety and predictable behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoid using the deprecated `secrets` or `environment` fields in plugin steps.
These options can potentially impact plugin execution and integrity.
Instead, provide secrets via the `settings` field, preferably using the `from_secret` syntax (see below).

This rule is also enforced by the pipeline linter to promote safe and predictable plugin behavior.
```

```diff
 steps:
   - name: test
     image: bash
     commands:
+      - echo $some_username
+      - echo $SOME_PASSWORD
+    secrets: [ some_username, SOME_PASSWORD ]
```

The case of the environment variables is not changed, but secret matching is done case-insensitively. In the example above, `DOCKER_PASSWORD` would also match if the secret is called `docker_password`.

> ### Use secrets in normal steps via environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using secrets in non-plugin steps via "environment:"
```

You can set an environment value from secrets using the `from_secret` syntax.

> So the secret key and environment variable name can differ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way, the secret key and environment variable name can differ.
```

```diff
 steps:
   - name: test
     image: bash
     commands:
       - env | grep OWN
-    secrets: [ some_username, SOME_PASSWORD ]
+    environment:
+      SOME_OWN_DEFINED_VAR:
+        from_secret: some_username
```

> ### Use secrets in plugins via settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using secrets in plugins-steps via "settings:"
```

> The `from_secret` syntax also work for settings in any hierarchy.

Reviewer: Here we should add more information on *why* secrets cannot be used via `environment:` in plugins.

Author: @pat-s does ad550d045ac7bc22852d5428bdc8f36bff89e6d2 solve this?

> In this example, the secret named `secret_token` would be passed to the setting named `SURGE_TOKEN`,which will be available in the plugin as environment variable named `PLUGIN_SURGE_TOKEN` (See [plugins](./51-plugins/20-creating-plugins.md#settings) for details).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the below example, the secret `SURGE_TOKEN` would be passed to the setting named `surge_token`, which again will be available in the plugin as environment variable named `PLUGIN_SURGE_TOKEN` (See [plugins](./51-plugins/20-creating-plugins.md#settings) for details).
```

Either this or rename the secret to showcase the possibility of a different name?

```diff
 steps:
   - name: deploy-preview:
     image: woodpeckerci/plugin-surge-preview
     settings:
       path: 'docs/build/'
+      surge_token:
+        from_secret: SURGE_TOKEN
```

> As settings can have complex structure, the `from_secret` is supported in all of it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As settings can have complex structures, `from_secret` is supported any:
```

```yaml
steps:
  - name: deploy-test:
    image: plugin-example
    settings:
      path: 'artifacts'
      simple_token:
        from_secret: A_TOKEN

>       advanced:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      advanced_setting:
```

### Using secrets in plugins-steps via "settings:"

The `from_secret` syntax also work for settings in any hierarchy.

> Note that you can not use `secrets` and also not use it with `environment`, as this could alter the execution of plugins and so it is forbidden by the linter now.

Reviewer: Thanks for taking a stab. However, I think we should expand on this and add more content. This is a very important point for users to understand the "why" behind this.

Maybe we can even put it into a highlight box?

Author: You must have a concrete idea in mind, could you push that onto by branch?

Reviewer: Not really, I just think that these two assets are essential for many and removing them/explaining why one cannot/should not set secrets in or environment in plugins is essential - especially if the same are still allowed in normal steps.

You are better at explaining the reasoning in detail behind all of this. Happy to rephrase wording afterwards.

- Why (and how) could it alter plugin execution (Yes, I know there was a sec issue etc. but (many) users don't know)
- Add that secrets are essentially == environment and therefore both must be removed
- Explain why secrets defined as plugin settings are not harmful (this is actually still an open Q to me)
